hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2021 horror film
don't breathe two
starring stephen lang
warning spoilers ahead
eight years after the first film story
blind navy seal veteran norman nordstrom
lives in a detroit suburb with 11 year
old phoenix and his rottweiler shadow
phoenix's birth mother died in a fire at
their former house according to norman
norman's only link to society hernandez
persuades norman to let phoenix join her
on an errand in town so she may get out
of the house
a thug tries to kidnap phoenix but
shadow scares him away
the group tracks hernandez's van back to
norman's where they wait for hernandez
to drop off phoenix before murdering her
they kidnap shadow and murder him
the group bursts into norman's house to
take phoenix while he is outdoors
looking for shadow
when the gang leader raelyn informs
phoenix that he is her biological father
and confirms it by showing them both
have a streak of white hair
phoenix's house burned down after a math
lab explosion in the basement and raylan
was sentenced to eight years in prison
norman discovered phoenix asleep in the
debris and brought her home to replace
his daughter who had died
when raelyn was released he saw phoenix
alive when she went to her mother's
memorial to leave flowers
when a thug knocks phoenix out she is
knocked unconscious
raelyn sets his own dog to kill norman
but he locks the dog in the attic
the group sets fire to the house before
fleeing with phoenix
norman befriends the dog who leads him
to the gang's hotel refuge
ralen reveals phoenix's real name is
tara and presents her to her mother who
is still alive but critically sick at
the hotel
she claims she set off the explosion
while making meth poisoning her internal
organs as a result
tara's parents kidnapped her for the
sole purpose of obtaining an organ
donation for tara's mother
tara will be conscious when her heart is
removed due to a shortage of medications
and facilities
the procedure is halted due to a power
outage and raelyn's men are attacked by
norman who takes advantage of the
darkness to kill them one by one
norman murders the surgeon and tara's
mother is killed by a stray bullet
raelyn's eyes are gouged out by norman
and he is left for dead
norman reveals to tara that her father
was telling the truth despite his
injuries
he confesses to his misdeeds which
include murder and rape and tells her to
run for her life
raelyn appears and stabs norman but tara
stabs him fatally
tara tries to aid norman by suggesting
she can save him but he responds that
she has already done it before
succumbing to his injuries
tara departs and proceeds to a
children's home that she had previously
visited
she introduces herself as phoenix to a
group of children who are playing in a
mid-credit scene raelyn's dog walks up
to norman's body and licks his fingers
norman's fingers quiver a little
signaling that he is still alive
thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes
or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time